fix(equal): Treat strict operator subclasses as unequal (#9749)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

Reviewer: Don't forget to add yourself as a contributor! 🎉

Author: That's really kind of you to remind, done :)

  restored as ``bytes``.
  [(#9687)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9687)

* Fixed a bug where :func:`~pennylane.equal` incorrectly returned ``True`` when comparing a leaf

>   operator with a strict subclass of it that had identical data and wires.

Reviewer: Minor re-word
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug with :func:`~pennylane.equal` where comparing a base operator to
   one of its subclasses returned `True` if they shared the same data and wires.
```

Author: Done :)
